fix private features' link in classes overview page (#32206)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/classes/index.md

}
```

> Class fields are similar to object properties, not variables, so we don't use keywords such as `const` to declare them. In JavaScript, [private features](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/Private_properties#syntax) use a special identifier syntax, so modifier keywords like `public` and `private` should not be used either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Class fields are similar to object properties, not variables, so we don't use keywords such as `const` to declare them. In JavaScript, [private features](#private_class_features_2) use a special identifier syntax, so modifier keywords like `public` and `private` should not be used either.
```
